Assignment 3


Q1. What is git?
	Git is a version control system (VCS)
	for tracking changes in computer files and coordinating
	work on those files among multiple people. It is primarily used
	for software development, but it can be used to keep track
	of changes in any files. As a distributed revision
	control system it is aimed at speed,[10] data
	integrity, and support for distributed, non-linear workflows.
	Git was created by Linus Torvalds in
	2005 for development of the Linux kernel, with other kernel
	developers contributing to its initial development. Its current
	maintainer since 2005 is Junio Hamano.
	As with most other distributed version control
	systems, and unlike most client–server systems, every
	Git directory on every computer is a
	full-fledged repository with complete history and full
	version tracking abilities, independent of network access or a
	central server.


Q2. What is Github?
	GitHub is a web-based Git or version
	control repository and Internet hosting service. It offers
	all of the distributed version control and source code
	management (SCM) functionality of Git as well as adding its own
	features. It provides access controland several collaboration
	features such as bug tracking, feature requests, task
	management, and wikis for every project.
	GitHub offers both plans for private and
	free repositories on the same account which are
	commonly used to host open-source software projects. As
	of April 2017, GitHub reports having almost 20 million users and 57
	million repositories,making it the largest host of source
	code in the world.
	GitHub has a mascot called Octocat, a
	cat with five tentacles and a human-like face.
	Development of the GitHub platform began on 1
	October 2007. The site was launched in April 2008 by Tom
	Preston-Werner, Chris Wanstrath, and PJ Hyett after it had been
	made available for a few months prior as a beta release.
	Projects on GitHub can be accessed and
	manipulated using the standard Git command-line interface and all of
	the standard Git commands work with it. GitHub also allows registered
	and non-registered users to browse public repositories on the site.
	Multiple desktop clients and Git plugins have also been
	created by GitHub and other third parties that integrate with the
	platform.
	The site provides social networking-like
	functions such as feeds, followers, wikis (using wiki
	software called Gollum) and a social network graph to
	display how developers work on their versions ("forks") of
	a repository and what fork (and branch within that fork) is newest.
	A user must create an account in order to
	contribute content to the site, but public repositories can be
	browsed and downloaded by anyone. With a registered user account,
	users are able to discuss, manage, create repositories, submit
	contributions to others' repositories, and review changes to
	code.
	The software that runs GitHub was written
	using Ruby on Rails and Erlang by GitHub, Inc.
	developers Chris Wanstrath, PJ Hyett, and Tom
	Preston-Werner


Q3. Create an account on Github
	
	Username : pratiksha07
